## Assignment 1
Worked entirely on my own.

Downloaded the tract shape file from the link provided in the class slide. Loaded it into a GeoPandas DataFrame and selected for Kings County. Created a separate DataFrame that was every 10th element from that frame. Got the coordinates for 1 MetroTech from google maps and looped through DataFrame to find the polygon that contains that coordinate. Plotted the DataFrame containing every 10th tract and overlayed the tract containing 1 MetroTech in red and the coordinate of 1 MetroTech in blue.

## Assignment 2
Worked mostly on my own. Got a routine to move the legend for a plot off to the side from Sebastian and otherwise produced my own work. Offered assistance to several others, particularly in assembling the time series DataFrame.

Before assignment was discussed in class, downloaded the zip code establishment data by ftp and examined the data. Loaded each data file into a separate DataFrame, dropped rows for zips codes outside New York City, all columns other than number of establishments, and renamed est to est + year. Joined the DataFrames from each year into one DataFrame. Normalized each time series by calculating the mean and standard deviation for each row and merging the result into the DataFrame. Substracted the mean from each column and divided by standard deviation, then dropped the mean and std columns.

Plotted the normalized time series for every 20th row, using Sebastian's suggestion regarding set_position() to move the legend to the right of the plot. From this plot, I came up with a set of initial cluster centers for 4, 6, and 8 clusters. Route routines to calculate distance, find closest, and find center of group to execute KMeans-like routine. Loaded zip code shape file into GeoDataFrame. Merged cluster lists for each number of clusters into GeoDataFrame and plotted clusters for each number.

Generated dendogram of zip code time series. Guessed a number of clusters from that dendogram and ran AgglomerativeClustering on the set of time series using that number. Plotted the clusters generated by agglomerative clusters.
